12/22/22:
  Technical assessment was recieved, and I forked the repo to be able to work on my own version of the assessment. Started reading up on Node.JS, Angular 2+, and Postman as I only have experience with Node.JS and Postman from the Authentication and Authorization presentation that Paige Zalepaa did for the Software Engineering Club.
  
12/23/22
  Cloned the repository to VSCode to be able to learn how to better do commits as in the past I used gitHub somewhat improperly by mostly just uploading files straight to gitHub or editing the files using the gitHub editor through their website.
  I have gotten the Backend API working with the message "Welcome to the Backend API!" displaying when you navigate to "localhost:3000". I have looked through the technical-assessment/backend/src files and I definitely need to do more reading into Javascript and Node.JS to be able to effectively write the code asked for.
  I since have gotten the Frontend running and showing "Hero List" and I have not added any heroes through Postman, so there is currently none showing. I did have some difficulties with being able to use the correct version of Node.JS and npm, as the current version of Node.JS runs into an issue with one of the hash functions. This gitHub link shows the error: https://github.com/webpack/webpack/issues/15900 and then this link shows the response that is given as the solution that the Node.JS developers just removed the functionality with no deprecation message either: https://github.com/webpack/webpack/issues/14532#issuecomment-947525539. While the solutions talked about in these gitHub issues most likely work, I used nvm (node version manager) to use an older version of Node.JS that are outlined in the technical-assessment/frontend/package-lock.json file instead of trying change the code to update the version of Node.JS that the the technical assessment uses.
  For the rest of the time working today I will be investigating how to actually use the tech stack to accomplish the goals of the technical assessment to be able to hopefully do some of the backend tasks and some of the frontend tasks.
    At night, I worked a little more attempting to use the Heroes code to work on creating one for Quests. Currently, the create Quest is not structured correctly based on the json body given in the ../backend/readME.md notes as that body wants only the name and description for the json while I currently have the hero id in the json body too. The POST request also does not currently work with taking in the hero id in the json body.